{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial{\*\falt Helvetica};}
{\f14\fnil\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05000000000000000000}Wingdings;}{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}
{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}
{\f22\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE{\*\falt Helvetica};}{\f23\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr{\*\falt Helvetica};}{\f25\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek{\*\falt Helvetica};}{\f26\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur{\*\falt Helvetica};}
{\f27\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic{\*\falt Helvetica};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 
Normal;}{\s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx4320\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs20 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive \ul\cf2 \sbasedon10 Hyperlink;}{\s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 header;}{\s17\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 footer;}{\*\cs18 \additive \ul\cf12 \sbasedon10 FollowedHyperlink;}}{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid67698703\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid691802050}{\list\listtemplateid67698693
\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid1096709967}{\list\listtemplateid67698693\listsimple
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3929 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f14\fbias0 \fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid1439787862}{\list\listtemplateid67698703\listsimple{\listlevel
\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li360\jclisttab\tx360 }{\listname ;}\listid2000890062}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid2000890062\listoverridecount0\ls1}
{\listoverride\listid691802050\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid1096709967\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid1439787862\listoverridecount0\ls4}}{\info{\title Frequently Asked Questions}{\author sutro04}{\operator sauro04}
{\creatim\yr2000\mo11\dy9\hr17\min23}{\revtim\yr2000\mo11\dy10\hr11\min14}{\version11}{\edmins38}{\nofpages8}{\nofwords3216}{\nofchars18332}{\*\company CAI Technical Support}{\nofcharsws22512}{\vern71}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind1\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\header \pard\plain \qc\nowidctlpar\tx4320\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b\f1\fs28\cgrid0 Frequently Asked Questions
\par BPwin 4.0}{\b\f1\fs44\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs16\cgrid0 November 9, 2000
\par }\pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {
\par }}{\footer \pard\plain \s17\qc\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\cgrid0 Page }{\field{\*\fldinst {\cgrid0  PAGE }}{\fldrslt {\lang1024\cgrid0 7}}}{\cgrid0  of }{\field{\*\fldinst {\cgrid0  NUMPAGES }}{\fldrslt {
\lang1024\cgrid0 1}}}{
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b\i\f1\cgrid0 What are the new features for BPwin 4.0?
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx4320\adjustright {\b\i\f1\cgrid0 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Swim Lane Diagrams
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 
You can add a Swim Lane diagram to any model that contains a Process Flow Network (IDEF3) diagram. In a Swim Lane diagram, you can better visualize the process flow because you can see other process dependencies as separate lanes in the diagram.
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 
\par Organization Charts
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 
You can create hierarchical organization charts based on Roles, Role Groups and Resources that you define. You can also select various display options to view and print organization charts using Role names, Role Group names, Resource names, bitm
aps, shapes, and colors.
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 
\par Node Tree Diagram Enhancements
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 You can display Node Tree diagrams with orthogonal lines and you can change activity properties by double-clicking Node Tree diagram objects. Very large Node Tree diagrams can now be printed.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Improved Model Explorer
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 The BPwin Model Explorer has an improved interface that includes a new Objects tab and an enhanced Diagram tab. You can drag dictionary objects from the Objects tab onto the diagram. From the Diagram tab, you can view the entire diagram h
ierarchy and access other BPwin diagrams including Organization chart, Node Tree, Swim Lane, FEO, and IDEF3 Scenario diagrams.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Improved Dictionaries
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 All dictionaries have been redesigned with an easy to use grid interface. You can customize any dictionary to suit your specific needs, and you can print, export, import, and report on dictionary contents.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Report Template Builder
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 BPwin includes the powerful Report Template Builder (RTB) reporting tool that you can use to easily and quickly create reports abou
t your model. You can create reusable report templates and export reports in text (.CSV), HTML, and RTF formats.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Improved Property Dialogs
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 Diagram property dialogs and diagram object property dialogs have been enhanced to include tabs for Font, Color, Roles, Box Style, Header/Footer, and Page Setup.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Diagram Page Setup
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 You can modify the page setup for individual diagrams by using the Page Setup tab in any diagram property dialog.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Diagram Headers and Footers
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 You can modify the headers and footers of individual diagrams by using the Header/Footer tab in any diagram property dialog.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 \page Workspace Enhancements
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 There are many work space and user interface enhancements that include improved object resizing, tools icons, dockable toolbars, and dockable Model Explorer. Toolbar buttons also adjust to the open diagram type.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Graphics Extensions
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 You can import bitmap files into BPwin and apply them to diagram objects along with various display options. You can also assign shapes to diagram objects and display UDP markers on activities.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Improved BPwin and ERwin model synchronization
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 The BPX (BPwin-to-ERwin) and .EAX (ERwin-to-BPwin) interfaces have been updated to work with ERwin 4.0. 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Updated Online Tutorial
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 The BPwin Help menu includes a BPwin Online Tutorial menu option for BPwin 4.0. Full lessons and sample models are included for you to learn how to use BPwin.
\par (*Currently under construction* - The BPwin 4.0 Tutorial will be available in Q1, 2001. It will be posted on the CA Technical Support Web Site.)
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Export to Arena
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 You can export your BPwin model to Arena, the business process simulation tool from Systems Modeling Corp.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Object Multi-select
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 You can lasso-select (or use the control or shift keys to select) multiple diagram objects for repositioning and deleting. When you reposition a group of diagram objects, BPwin automatically moves or reroutes all connected arrows.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Entity / Data Store Association
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 You can associate entities that you create in BPwin or import from ERwin, with BPwin data stores in Data Flow Diagrams (DFD).
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx4320\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs20 {Visual Diagram Compare
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\tx4320\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\cgrid0 You can superimpose two diagrams within the model and compare them visually.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Note:}{\f1\cgrid0  You can also open the "What's New" menu item in the BPwin Help menu to review new features and related overview topics.
\par \page }{\b\i\f1\cgrid0 How can I contact Technical Support at Computer Associates directly?
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx360\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 If you need technical support, you can visit the Computer Associates Technical Support web site. Point your browser at }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\f1\cgrid0  HYPERLINK http://www.ca.com }{\f1\cgrid0 
{\*\datafield 00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000170000000b0000007700770077002e00630061002e0063006f006d000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b2600000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e00630061002e0063006f006d002f0000000000}}}{\fldrslt {
\ul\cf2 http://www.ca.com}}}{\f1\cgrid0 , then select Support from the banner at the top of the page. On the main Technical Support page, there is a drop-down box, which lists all products for which you are registere
d. Select BPwin to go to the BPwin 4.0 Technical Support page.
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0  
\par For online support}{\f1\cgrid0 , Point your browser at }{\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst {\f1\cgrid0  HYPERLINK http://www.ca.com }{\f1\cgrid0 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000170000000b0000007700770077002e00630061002e0063006f006d000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b2600000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e00630061002e0063006f006d002f0000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\ul\cf2 
http://www.ca.com}}}{\f1\cgrid0 , then select Star TCC from the Support Resources list. If you have not registered for StarTCC you will be required to do so. StarTCC will allow you to easily enter and check the status of your issue.
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 
\par For telephone support}{\f1\cgrid0 , select Calling CA for Support from the Support Services list and find the telephone number for your calling area.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx4320\adjustright {\b\f1\cgrid0 Why do I see a ModelMart Toolbar and Menu in BPwin?
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 BPwin 4.0 is not ModelMart enabled in its initial release. ModelMart integration will occur in the near future.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 How do I insert a new diagram between two existing levels in a model? 
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 There are two ways to do this as described in the following scenario. 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\tx4320\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\cgrid0 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\tx4320\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i\f1\cgrid0 Scenario}{\f1\cgrid0 
: An existing BPwin model has diagrams A1, A2, and A3, all of which are already decomposed. We want to have the current diagram, A2, become A21 and replace the current A2 with a new diagram.
\par 
\par }{\i\f1\cgrid0 Split Model/Merge Model Method:}{\f1\cgrid0  
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 1.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx360\tx4320{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls1\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
In diagram A0, use the right mouse button over A2 and select Split Model. Enter a model name (for this example, "Park"). The new model created will have A2 as its context activity and the old activity A2 will have a call arrow named "Park". 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 2.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx360\tx4320{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls1\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
The old activity A2 is now a leaf activity and can be decomposed to make a new diagram, A2, in the original model. You must rename either the context activity of the new model (Park) or the old A2 activity. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 3.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx360\tx4320{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls1\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 Then, delete the 
call arrow "Park" from the old activity and insert a new call arrow "Park" on the activity in the new decomposition where the old A2 is to be located (in this case A21). 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 4.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx360\tx4320{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls1\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
The context activity of the new model "Park" should be given the same activity name as the Activity A21 in the new decomposition. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 5.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx360\tx4320{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls1\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
Use the right mouse menu over the activity A21 or over the call arrow "park" and select Merge Model and merge the model "Park" back into the original mod
el. Note that the new diagram will have border arrows that correspond to the square tunneled arrows that connect to the inserted Activity A21. These arrows should be connected as desired. 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx4320\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
\par }{\i\f1\cgrid0 Cut/Paste Method:}{\f1\cgrid0  
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 1.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx360\tx4320{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls2\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
Go to diagram A0, select activity A2, delete and preserve for pasting. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 2.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx360\tx4320{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls2\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
Add a new activity A2 (say no to paste) and decompose it. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 3.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx360\tx4320{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls2\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
Go to the newly created decomposition and paste. 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20 \hich\af1\dbch\af0\loch\f1 4.\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx360\tx4320{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxta .}}\ls2\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
Reconnect arrows as appropriate. 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx4320\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Note}{\f1\cgrid0 : The primary drawback to this method is that the arrows connected 
to the original activity, A2, will be deleted when the activity is cut. For more help, see the next question, "I have discovered that an activity in my model should really be in a child diagram. How do I accomplish this?"
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 \page I have discovered that an activity in my model should really be in a child diagram. How do I accomplish this?
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 You can simply cut the activity, go to (or create) the necessary child diagram, and then paste the activity. However, if the activity you want to move is already connected to oth
er activities with arrows, you probably want to preserve these connections. First, create a new activity near the activity you want to move. Next, disconnect each arrow from the current activity, and reattach them to the new activity. Now, you can simply 
c
ut & paste the original activity, and then rearrange the diagrams to your taste. Of course, if your intention is to have the new activity take on the name of the activity you just moved, this is accomplished by first renaming the moved activity, then reus
ing that name in the new activity. Note that this is necessary because a fundamental rule of functional decomposition is that an activity can only appear once in a model.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 How do I adjust the page size of a diagram that I have already created, especially if it needs to be enlarged due to crowding? 
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 Double-click the drawing area in any diagram to open the Diagram Properties dialog and click the Page Setup tab. Select a new page size or specify a custom layout, and then select the "Scale diagram objects with p
age" checkbox. The diagram automatically re-scales to the new sheet size.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Why can't an IDEF3 junction be a "fan-in" and "fan-out" at the same time?
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 This is actually mandated by the IDEF3 (Process Flow Network) methodology. If you think of an exclusive OR 
junction with two inbound arrows and two outbound arrows, you would have to describe each combination of circumstances under which an inbound arrow maps to one of the outbound arrows.  It is recommended to join a fan-in junction to a separate fan-out junc
tion instead.
\par  
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 What do the "Notes 1 2 3 4 . . ." do, and how can I turn them off?
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 "Notes 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10" is an IDEF0 (Business Process) convention. Its purpose in the kit (the border) is to facilitate making manual notes on a physical document being 
distributed in a group. Each person who makes a note on the drawing crosses out a number. When the next person makes a note, he/she does not need to inspect all the other notes to find which number is the next in sequence. This display has no internal fun
ction in BPwin and can be "turned off" only by disabling the kit in the Page Setup tab in the Diagram Properties dialog.
\par 
\par However, you can turn off the standard IDEF0 Kit (border) and replace it with a customized header and footer. To do this, go to Diagram menu, choose Diagram Properties and click the Page Setup tab. 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 What is the difference between Cut/Delete/Move/Rename and Copy Picture?
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 
Cut/Delete is used to move an activity and its arrows from one place in your model to another place in the same model, or to a different model. Cut/Delete does not use the Windows clipboard, but rather an internal mechanism that allows it to keep track of
 
all the various objects being cut in relation to other objects within the model. In BPwin version 4.0, the Cut/Delete function is automatically invoked within the same model if you select an activity, delete it, and place another activity using the activi
ty tool. Using this technique between models provides a true copy between models that also merges dictionaries automatically. Consider the following scenarios:
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx4320\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs20 {\page Cut/Delete
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\tx4320\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\cgrid0 If you Cut/Delete an activity and its ICOMS (arrows), you may notice that you cannot
 cut another activity until you paste the current "cut" activity somewhere. Also, notice that the Cut/Delete menu option is grayed out for this reason. This is as intended behavior. This keeps you from corrupting your model's integrity. Since the activity
 you cut is vital to your model, BPwin prevents you from accidentally overwriting an activity in the cut "buffer".
\par 
\par Once you have pasted your cut activity, you cannot paste it again. This is intended behavior. Being able to create a duplicate activity would corrupt your model's integrity.
\par If you try to paste your cut activity/ICOMS into the A-0 level, you cannot. This is intended behavior. The A-0 level, by definition in IDEF0, can only contain one activity.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx4320\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs20 {Move/Rename
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\tx4320\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\cgrid0 This feature enables an internal move
 of an activity (and any decompositions) within the same model. BPwin places a placeholder activity with no name in the location of the original activity. You can then name or delete the placeholder activity. You can then paste the activity elsewhere in t
he model. This technique preserves the model infrastructure (the ICOMS etc.). You can use Move/Rename in the Model Explorer by pressing the CRTL key at the same time as the left mouse button.
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\tx4320\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs20 {Copy Picture 
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\tx4320\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\cgrid0 This feature uses the Windows clipboard in the traditional way by copying the current diagram image. You can then paste it into an external document such as a word processing document. 

\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 When I cut and paste activities, sometimes I am prompted to preserve for pasting, and sometimes I am not.  Why? 
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 If the
 activity being cut has no decompositions (i.e., a leaf level activity), you will not get this message, although you must confirm the delete. When decompositions are involved, BPwin goes to these extra lengths to make sure that you are aware that you are 
about to delete an entire branch of your activity hierarchy, and not just a single activity.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 What file suffix should I use when exporting Node Trees, arrows, etc.? 
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 Use the .txt extension.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 How do I associate data with Arrows and Activities, so that I can generate a Data Usage report?
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 Please refer to the online help system for all the details about data associations, importing data definitions from ERwin, etc.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 How do I change the title of my IDEF0 (business process) diagram? 
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 It depends on where you are in
 your model. If you are on the A-0 Context level, or the A0 first level decomposition, then the title is derived from the name of the top-level context activity and can only be changed by renaming the context-level activity. When you reach the third layer
 of decomposition, the diagram title is controlled by the name of the parent activity in the second level diagram, and so on. 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 \page I'm printing my model, but my diagram looks funny in one or more of the following ways. Why? 
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 Your diagram printout shows one or more of the following: 
\par - Arrows printing "funny".
\par - Extraneous lines.
\par - Arrows hanging on the opposite side of the page.
\par - Line going down the middle of page instead of going into the activity.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx2160\tx4320\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 - Breaks in arrows.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx4320\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 - Some arrows do not print or have breaks.
\par 
\par Printing problems are invariably caused by not using the correct or most up-to-date printer driver for your printer. Using an older driver, or a driver from another printer model from the same manufacturer, typic
ally does not cause a problem when printing word processing, spreadsheet, or database documents. However, applications that use graphics such as BPwin are more sensitive to printer drivers. If your driver is not the "exact" and most up to date driver for 
that specific printer, you are likely to have problems when printing graphics.
\par 
\par Why would your system not be using the correct driver? It could be how your network is configured or how your Windows workstation environment is configured. Consult your resident IS professionals for quick troubleshooting.
\par 
\par What do you do in the mean time? Go to your print setup box, choose options, and set your printer to print in RASTER mode. This causes your model to be printed in bitmap format as opposed to vector graphics. W
hile this will slow printing (which may be unacceptable for the long run), but it will get your model printed until you or your IS person can resolve the printer driver issue.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Is BPwin multi-user? Can it be installed on a network?
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 BPwin is a single licens
e product. You must purchase one license for each person (not seat) using the product. Although the BPwin executable is relatively benign in terms of installing it on your network, you should respect the license requirements. 
\par 
\par There are 2 files - BPWIN40.
INI and BPWINRPT.INI that should exist on each workstation in the Windows System directory. Because BPwin is a single user product, it does not contain file locking capabilities. Be aware that two users on a network can open the same file, and that the pe
rson who saves last can overwrite the changes made by the person who saved previously.
\par 
\par You can use ModelMart to share models with other BPwin licensed users on a network. See your sales representative for more information (ModelMart is currently disabled f
or use in the BPwin 4.0, but will be available in the near future). Please note, however, once a model has been opened in BPwin 4.0, it can only be used by other BPwin 4.0 users. BP1 files are not backward compatible.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 How do I link to other documents from within BPwin? Does it have OLE functionality?
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 Other documents and applications can be launched from BPwin by using the COMMAND datatype in a User Defined Property (UDP). When you associate a UDP with an arrow or activity, right-click the arrow or activity
 and select UDP Editor from the shortcut menu. Then select the UDP you wish to run. The application/document associated with the UDP will be launched. 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Note}{\f1\cgrid0 : BPwin is not using Microsoft OLE to support this feature.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 How do I remove the "T" in the Parent Text Diagram node number?
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 The "T" indicates the diagram is a parent text diagram. It cannot be turned off.}{\b\f1\cgrid0 \page Can I import Entity and Attribute model information from ERwin to BPwin?
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 
Yes, you can import a .eax file from ERwin that includes ERwin model information such as entities and attributes. First, export the .eax file from ERwin (File|BPwin|Export). Then, import the .eax file into BPwin (File|Import|ERwin (EAX) ). Refer to the on
line help system for more information on the interface between ERwin and BPwin.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Can I export entity and attribute information from BPwin to ERwin?
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 Yes, you can export entities and attributes that you have created in the BPwin Entity/Attribute Dictionary. T
o do so, first export the .bpx file from BPwin. (File|Export|ERwin (.BPX)). Then import the .bpx file in ERwin (File|BPwin|Import). Refer to the online help system for more information on the interface between ERwin and BPwin.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Can I use BPwin with a third party model simulation tool?
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 Yes, you can export BPwin models to Arena, a powerful simulation tool that can be purchased from either Systems Modeling Corporation or Computer Associates. You start the export process by choosing File|Export|Arena. See the o
nline help for more information.
\par  
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 I'm using BPwin on my new Toshiba Laptop and when I go to open a file I get a GPF. Why?
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 There is a conflict between BPwin and Logitech's Mouseware95 software, which supports advanced mouse operations. Mouseware95 can be 
successfully removed from the system without affecting basic mouse operation. Rename the file C:/MOUSE/SYSTEM/EM_EXEC.EXE to another name. When you reboot the system, there will be no error messages. Contact Toshiba or Logitech for a patch.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 When I print diagrams using the Print Parent Diagram mode or standard reporting, all of the line breaks and tabs are lost. How do I format the text so that it prints properly?
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 When "Remove Special Characters" is unchecked in the report editor, carriage returns function 
as paragraph markers. When it is checked, all carriage returns and line feeds are replaced with spaces, causing each carriage return to appear as two spaces. Tabs should never be used in the BPwin editors. If you want to include a carriage return in text 
in a printed report, use a double carriage return in the text box in BPwin and uncheck the "Remove Special Characters" option in the Report Editor. 
\par 
\par If you want to include carriage returns in a DDE report to Word or Excel, you must also use spaces instead 
of tabs for the report to format correctly. If you check the "Remove Special Characters" option to remove the tabs, BPwin also removes all carriage returns from your text.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 \page How do I create, maintain, and use a common project dictionary?
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 The merging rule for all paste operations is that dictionary fields, which are already defined in the destination, will not be overwritten by those in the source.
\par 
\par The following procedure illustrates the technique for building and using a common dictionary.
\par 
\par 1. Open a New BPwin Model.  Name the context activity "Repository", name the model REPO and save it as REPO.BP1. This model will now be used as the common project dictionary.
\par 
\par 2. Add the dictionary of a model to REPO. Open a source, whose dictionary is to be merged into REPO and open REPO. Select the context diagram of REPO and then the menu item Model | Merge Model Dictionary. Select the source model and click on OK.
\par 
\par 3. Merge the common dictionaries into a working model. Open REPO as the source model.  Activate any window of the destination model and select the menu item Model | Merge Model Dictionary. Select the model REPO and click on OK.
\par 
\par 4. Changing the common definitions. To make changes to the definitions after they have merged into REPO, use the Diagram Object Dictionary and the Arrow Dictionary editors in REPO and then use step 3 to update the working models.
\par 
\par Dictionary Merge is also available by dragging and dropping as described previously
\par 
\par Also, a feature of the BPwin Model | Merge Model Dictionary function allows Diagram Object and Arrow Dictionaries and their corresponding costs and UDPs to be copied from one model to another. Using these options, the Diagram Object and Arrow dictionaries
 with costs and UDPs from separate models can be merged, separately maintained, and reused in multiple models.
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 
\par How do I set up the auto-save feature for on demand and timed temporary saves?
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 The Auto-Save dialog box, accessed from the Tools menu, can be used to set the frequency and file types of saves. A frequency of zero turns off the Auto-Save feature. The Auto-Save feature has three modes, which are:
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f14\fs20 \loch\af14\dbch\af0\hich\f14 \'a7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx360\tx4320{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnf14\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'a7}}\ls3\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
Use Save-As Dialog. Prompts the user for a file name each time it saves.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f14\fs20 \loch\af14\dbch\af0\hich\f14 \'a7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx360\tx4320{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnf14\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'a7}}\ls3\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
Use Temporary (.BPB) File.
 Saves the file to the current file name changing the extension from .BP1 to .BPB. If it is a new model, the first time it is saved, it will use the Save-As dialog. When a model is opened, if a .BPB file corresponding to the selected .BP1 file has a newer
 date and time than the .BP1 file, the user will be informed and given the option of recovering the temporary save. When the model is saved to a .BP1 file, if a corresponding .BPB file exists, it will be deleted.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f14\fs20 \loch\af14\dbch\af0\hich\f14 \'a7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx360\tx4320{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pnf14\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'a7}}\ls3\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
Use Queue (BPQUnnnn.BP1) Files. Saves the current model to a queue of files named BPQU0000.BP1 - BPQUnnnn.BP1 where nnnn is one less than the user-specified number of files in the queue.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx4320\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 Note}{\f1\cgrid0 : Auto Save is disabled when connected to ModelMart.
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\cgrid0 What are the set-up options for Spell checking?
\par }{\f1\cgrid0 When you choose Spelling Options from the Tools menu, you can set the following spell check options:
\par }\pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\tx4320\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\cgrid0 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f14\fs20 \loch\af14\dbch\af0\hich\f14 \'a7\tab}}\pard\plain \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx360\tx4320{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pnf14\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'a7}}\ls4\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\cgrid0 
In the BPwin Spelling Checker Options dialog, you can specify any BPwin text field to be spell checked.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f14\fs20 \loch\af14\dbch\af0\hich\f14 \'a7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx360\tx4320{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pnf14\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'a7}}\ls4\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
You can select a dictionary to check against (including a dictionary you define).
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f14\fs20 \loch\af14\dbch\af0\hich\f14 \'a7\tab}}\pard \fi-360\li360\nowidctlpar\jclisttab\tx360\tx4320{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pnf14\pnstart1\pnindent360\pnhang{\pntxtb \'a7}}\ls4\adjustright {\f1\cgrid0 
You can set spelling checker "behavior" options such as to include/exclude words with numbers, ignore case, use phonetic, alphabetic matching, etc.
\par }}